
                           Personal Integrity and Honesty

Accountability / Deadlines
(answers)

1.  The assignment was submitted after the deadline.
2.  The student should have submitted the assignment by the due although it may not have been completed.
3.  Not submitting the assignment by the due date may cause delays and setbacks to the procession of the course and student's (and students') progress.  


Attendance 
(answers)

1.  Yes.
2.  He should attempt to work with the supervisor and HR to workout an amicable solution.  He should notify his Instructional Team and AMAS.
3.  Leave work early or be late for class.


Plagiarism / Ethical Coding
(answers)  

1.  He copied and used someone else's work.
2.  No.  Lacks integrity.
3.  Never.  Never.
4.  Reach out to peers.
5.  I affects trust and integrity.


                           Trust the Process and the Results

Camera Policy
(answers)  

1.  By turning off his camera.
2.  Notified the instructor with any concerns neccesary for turning off the camera.
3.  It may be okay for a student to have his/her camera off if approved.  
4.  Notify the instructor or AMAS.

 
                                Respect Fellow Learners

Respect the Integrity of Faculty and Staff
(answers)  

1.  Using FSA's applications to converse with a peer and undermine the instructors credentials.  
2.  No.  He used class time to interrupt a peer's learning opportunity and undermine the instructor.  The student could have readdressed the issue with the instructor one-on-one or reached out to the AMAS, then escalate if neccesary.  
3.  No.  The assistant manager.
4.  Not sure.
5.  It could result in a loss of respect for the instructor's ability to teach.


Respect the Integrity of Other Applicants and Fellow Learners.
(answers) 

1.  Interrupting his time to speak.
2.  Redirect the focus back on Avinash's time to share.
3.  No.  She became too personal.  
4.  It may cause unneccesary unwanted attention.


                             Personal Integrity and Honesty

Consistency, Grit, and Resilience
1.  Thought she knew everything, then got overwhelmed.
2.  SSM
3.  When feeling a decline in confidence and or competence.
4.  Not giving up.


                           Trust the Process and the Results

Adapting to Change
(answers)

1.  Embrace change.
2.  Trust that the replacements are in their positions because of their capabilities.
3.  Schedule some one-on-one time to gain a comfort level.
4.  The assistant manager.


Module 3    March 6
Folders end with /
Files end with ".xxx"
Root - Folders that contain all other folders.
"/" denotes the root.
relative path - starts where you are.
absolute path - starts at the root and is denoted by /.
If a path contains spaces, the path is enclosed with quatation marks.  "/bbq/meat  burger.ext"